[Music]
so in one small town there lived three
neighbors mr. black mr. Brown and mr.
white quite a colorful trio which one
stolen necklace from the town's only
jewelry store honestly I don't have a
clue but maybe you do here are some
tricky riddles you'll have to crack to
earn the title of the world's best
detective your results await at the end
number one the missing jewelry
it was mr. and mrs. Smith's wedding
anniversary mrs. Smith was going to put
on diamond earrings her husband gave her
for their wedding but when she opened
her jewelry box she was shocked to see
that the earrings were missing she
called her teenage daughters Dora and
Laura I've told you so many times not to
touch my things
who took my jewelry this time Dora was
indignant I haven't touched your jewelry
box Laura also denied taking her mom
stuff why would I need your old earrings
are ten seconds enough for you to figure
out which girl is lying it was Laura who
stole the earrings her mom didn't
specify which piece of jewelry was
missing uh-oh number two the insomniac a
man was exhausted after a long workday
but when he finally nestled down in his
bed he couldn't fall asleep he tossed
and turned until eventually he picked up
his cell phone dialed a number listened
to several long tones and hung up after
that he immediately fell asleep
how so
[Music]
his next door neighbor was snoring
loudly but the phone ringing woke the
offender and the man finally managed to
fall asleep number three an accident on
a cruise ship
officer Larson was doing security on a
luxurious cruise liner
one day the ship got into a terrible
storm most passengers stayed in their
cabins since they were all seasick from
the huge waves but suddenly the officer
heard a strange noise coming from the
deck he rushed there and found a man
lying unconscious on the floor when the
man came around he told Larson that he
had been on his way back to his room
when somebody hit him on the head and
took his money and phone officer Larson
found two suspects Mike and Jacob Mike
said that at the moment of the robbery
he had been working out in the ship's
onboard gym and Jacob claimed that he
had been in the bathroom feeling
terribly sick who's probably lying Mike
if the waves were bad enough to make
people sick the gym was probably closed
so that the equipment didn't fall on
someone and hurt them for a missing
soccer coach one day a famous soccer
coach went missing right from the locker
room the detective has three suspects
and all of them are from the coach's
team Brandon says that after training he
stayed on the field to practice a bit
more andrew explains that he had to rush
off the field immediately after practice
due to a family emergency and james
claims that the coach had still been
there when he left the locker room who's
the kidnapper
it's Andrew if he had to rush off so
quickly he wouldn't have time to go to
the changing room yet he's wearing
normal clothes not his uniform five a
friendly hitchhiker it was a scorching
hot day when officer Robinson was
driving along a country road suddenly he
noticed a hitchhiker on the side of the
road and stopped to give him a lift the
man was so thankful he said he'd been
waiting for someone to pick him up for
more than two hours then he offered the
officer some chocolate Robinson declined
the treat and told the hitchhiker that
he was looking for a group of bank
robbers the hitchhiker suddenly
exclaimed a red car just sped past me it
must have been them but they were going
the other way we'll need to turn back
however Robinson and maybe we took him
to the police station fair enough the
man turned out to be one of the robbers
how did the officer know that
[Music]
if the hitch-hiker had been standing on
the side of the road for two hours on a
hot day his chocolate would have melted
already so he lied to lead Robinson the
wrong way number six an embarrassing
mistake Lily a real estate agent was
showing a luxurious home to a wealthy
family the family liked everything about
the house except for one thing the
police had huge floor-to-ceiling windows
and the parents were worried that their
small son might accidentally break the
glass and fall out Lily really wanted to
close this deal so she decided to prove
that the glass was unbreakable she ran
up to the window and hit it at full
speed the glass indeed didn't break but
Lily fell out the window and sat there
dazed and confused what happened the
glass didn't break but it did pop out of
its frame 7 a pencil on the floor five
people were asked to step over a pencil
that was lying on the floor but not one
of them managed to do it what was the
problem with this seemingly simple task
the pencil was placed near the wall ate
a strange number
you have ten seconds to figure out in
what situation do you look at the number
two but say ten
it happens when you look at a clock
hey it's ten past ten nine a missing
exit once upon a time a princess was
locked in a room on top of a tall tower
she found out that she could escape only
through the fourth door the problem is
there were only three doors in the room
how could she find door number four
remember you have just ten seconds to
help the princess break free look at the
symbols on the doors they're actually
numbers it means that the princess
should leave through the first door 10 a
horrible ladder you've been kidnapped by
a crazed Riddler you find yourself at
the bottom of a deep well you try to
climb up the walls but they're too
slippery the only way to escape is a
ladder with razor-sharp blades instead
of regular rungs
how can you climb the ladder and get to
safety without any injuries hurry
times a-tickin
just turn the ladder upside down number
first light you come into a pitch-dark
room you know that there's a gas stove a
candle and a kerosene lamp in this room
luckily you have a box of matches in
your pocket what will you like first the
first thing you need the light is
undoubtedly a match 12 mysterious
patients 2 drivers Chris and James were
both taken to a hospital Chris had a
sprained shoulder and James was badly
bruised at the same time their cars
weren't damaged at all you have 10
seconds to figure out what happened to
these guys
the drivers got into a fight their cars
weren't involved at all 13 a safe place
you're walking through the forest and
suddenly see a crossroad with a man
standing right in the middle one road
leads to a village where a mob of bad
guys live and the other to a safe place
you don't know whether this person is a
bad guy but you can ask him one question
in order to get to safety if the man is
bad he'll lie if he's good he'll tell
you the truth which question should you
ask the question should be where is your
village if this person is innocent he'll
direct you to the safe place if he's a
bad guy he'll lie and point toward the
safe place as well 14 the first one two
people are walking toward each other
they're both males the same age and have
similar job positions who will be the
first to greet the other you have 10
seconds to figure it out obviously the
more polite one ok it's time to see how
close you are to getting the title of a
modder Sherlock let me know how you did
down in the comments if you solve 0 to 4
riddles that's a true detective level of
only 30% uh-oh you might not want to
take any cases right now but you can
beef up your problem-solving skills if
you practice more if your score is 5 to
9 cracked riddles you're 60% Sherlock
not bad but you can sharpen your skills
even more just get a bit more practice
with riddles that test your lateral
thinking and finally if you untangle 10
to 14 mysteries you can call yourself a
100% true detective so if something goes
in the jewelry store next door remember
to offer your help because you are a
real gem hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life